grace what game are you playing right
now the chef's game what do you have to
do in that game we do to have mm-hmm
then you ring the bell but it is a trash
can you don't do race this is how you go
what game you're gonna play now do you
like that game we do so do you like the
new Leapster GS better than the old one
all right a new one why what kinds of
things can you do with the new GS how
about the camera that's new right yes so
you can take pictures and do videos
food fight so what's this game about
really what oh yes how do you stop the
robot and don't you learn about things
like your electricity in this game you
do what's going on now I don't know I
bunnies
buuut sites uh-oh
is it pretty easy to play this game yeah
is there some hard part yes it's about
it's about math so you're learning math
that's good can you show me how you take
pictures with your GS yeah what's it
called a leap sir genius huh
so you can take pictures oh that's a
cute picture huh I need to get out
I'm gonna take a picture your bunny ah I
see
that's pretty neat huh this is my this
is where my bunny gonna say you thank me
when I've done sleep yes say thank you
leapfrog nearly five thank you leapfrog
you do